What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It creates an empty git-repository. This is to just start filling our data 
	into the repository, but we can do it only when its craeted.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	
	It is an intermediate area where the files that need to be committed are placed.
	Its not the working directory since there can be many more files in working 
	directory that might have changed, but all of those changes need not be 
	committed. Its definitely not the repository since its not yet committed.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	
	You can use "git diff" to know what are the differences between working dir 
	and the staging area. Now you can use "git diff --staged" to know the differences
	b/w the staging area and the commit version. So you can make out which all
	changes made in the wrking directory are ready for commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	The branching is a good technique to separate experimental changes in codes 
	even while keeping the main code intact. I feel for me, its way too-much useful.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The best way to understand git branching is through these type of tree-diagrams.
	It just sets up a clear understanding of the topic.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	Result will be a new commit wih changes from both branches incorporated into one.
	Diagrammatic representations are always easy to understand, only if we have 
	a good picture of what we are doing then only we can do the right thing...!!!

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Where there are no conflicts the automatic merge is a smart way of doing the
	merge. But when a conflict arises, its better to manually make the change 
	rather than use automatic merge. Coz as of this time artificial intelligence 
	is still at its infancy. Until the computer starts understanding individual
	code fragments and deciding for itself, what is correct... manual conflict
	resolution is the thing.
